Grandmother, Miss Khuc is here too.
Xiao Nhien, a few days ago I went to the scenic area selling bamboo incense.
I was lost, and she helped me get home.
And buy me this house.
Thank you.
I know you're not short of money.
But I'll give it back to you.
Then you help me make my wish come true.
Suju, you are too bad.
Hey hey, you shameless, world champion?
Right, mother-in-law?
I've prepared a table of food.
Oh, eat rice.
Eat more.
You're too skinny.
In the past, people couldn t eat food.
Mountain climbing rice
It's to give this old lady some economical food to eat.
Mom, I'm not skinny.
Again because
Hey, Yang.
I'm going to ask you something.
Do you have a girlfriend at school?
Right.
Currently there are
There are no customers.
Always focus on learning.
But don't worry.
I'll always be by his side taking care of him.
Can't you not be interested in girls?
Previously, Nhung.
I don't like playing with the little girls in the village.
What's wrong?
Drink some water.
Let's have a drink together.
To congratulate Xiao Nhien and her mother-in-law on their reunion.
You all give me something to eat.
Host and natural heart rate reached 50%.